※ Types of Inheritance
------------------------

Types of Inheritance depend upon the number of child and parent classes involved. They are:

1. Single Inheritance
2. Multiple Inheritance
3. Multilevel Inheritance
4. Hierarchical Inheritance
5. Hybrid Inheritance


1.Single Inheritance:

    → Single inheritance enables a derived class to inherit properties from a single parent class, 
      thus enabling code reusability and the addition of new features to existing code.

2.Multiple Inheritance:

    → When a class can be derived from more than one base class this type of inheritance is called multiple inheritances.
      In multiple inheritances, all the features of the base classes are inherited into the derived class. 

3.Multilevel Inheritance:

    → In multilevel inheritance, features of the base class and the derived class are further inherited into the new derived class. 
      This is similar to a relationship representing a child and a grandfather.

4.Hierarchical Inheritance:

    → When more than one derived class are created from a single base this type of inheritance is called hierarchical inheritance.

5.Hybrid Inheritance:

    → Inheritance consisting of multiple types of inheritance is called hybrid inheritance.


Method resolution order:

In Python, every class whether built-in or user-defined is derived from the object class and all the objects are instances of 
the class object. Hence, the object class is the base class for all the other classes.
In the case of multiple inheritance, a given attribute is first searched in the current class if it’s not found then it’s 
searched in the parent classes. The parent classes are searched in a left-right fashion and each class is searched once.
The order that is followed is known as a linearization of the class Derived and this order is found out using a set of rules 
called Method Resolution Order (MRO).

To view the MRO of a class: 
 
• Use the mro() method, it returns a list 
  Eg. Class4.mro()
  
• Use the _mro_ attribute, it returns a tuple 
  Eg. Class4.__mro__ 

